(DONE) add code to update the datasets.

(DONE) Add a new page that let's people put in their email & name & address & phone & the number of people in their group. Perhaps this can be done with Mongo & Socket, since that would let us use code we already know how to write, and not need to learn the Google Sheets / node.js code.

(DONE) Add a link in the app to the new registration page.  

(DONE) Jim: reserve ActonCleanup.info and ActonCleanup.org and have them point to our website

Jim: add code to update the tilesets. For now. This can be done by hand within mapbox: open the dataset and choose export to tileset & accept the default tileset name offered.  Then wait...

Jim: Add general instructions and welcome to top of page

(DONE) Put popups more out of the way - they are stopping the selection of segments. 

When highlighting a segment, make it in the color that corresponds to the state chosen in the UI. 

When hitting submit, change the segments to highlight in the new state color, and reduce their width back to the way regular un-selected segments look. (I think we'll need to remove & re-add these segments as new layers). Then, re-set the lists of segments back to 0 length. 

(DONE) If selecting a segment that's already selected, de-select it (update the feature arrays, remove the layer) 

Add code to check the email name in the map submission against the users, and send them to the registration page if their name isn't recognized.  


(DONE) Now that we have the app on Heroku, I can see how bad it looks on a phone. Redo the divs so that they also look OK on a phone. 

We need a way to get a report of who has signed up for what segments, and/or for people to see what segments they have signed up for.

It would be nice to also support click and drag for selecting segments. Or,in the mean time, write a timy bit of code to reset the segments to state=3 (unknown - black lines)? (or just export / edit / re-export)

Maybe have max number for displaying selected segments, and just describe any past N as 'and more')

(DONE) Move secret key to environment file

How do we deal with adding new segments? How do we update the mongo database? 

Maybe we grey out the submit button if no streets are selected, and highlight the instructions to select some segments?
